\documentclass[pageno]{jpaper}

%replace XXX with the submission number you are given from the ISCA submission site.
\newcommand{\iscasubmissionnumber}{XXX}

\usepackage{multirow}
\usepackage{listings}
\usepackage[normalem]{ulem}

\begin{document}

\title{
FlashBoost: An Appliance for Big Data Analytics
}

\date{}
\maketitle

%\thispagestyle{empty}

\begin{abstract}
Big Data analytics have been shown to provide deep insights which are both
commercially valuable and socially impactful. Complex data queries, because of
their need for random accesses, have proven to be slow unless all the data can
be accommodated in DRAM. There are many domains, such as genomics, geological
data and daily twitter feeds where the datasets of interest are 5 to 20 TB. For
such a dataset, one would need a cluster with 100 servers to accommodate all the
data in its DRAM. On the other hand, such datasets could easily be accommodated
in a rack-sized cluster with flash storage. Flash storage has much better random
access performance than hard disks, which makes them desirable for analytics
workloads. In this paper we present FlashBoost, a rack-level system with
flash-based storage with in-store processing capability and a low-latency
high-throughput inter-controller network.  We show that FlashBoost outperforms a
flash-based system without these features by a factor of 10 for some
applications. We also show that the performance of a ram-cloud system falls
sharply even if only 5 10\% of the references is to the secondary storage. This
behavior is not an issue in FlashBoost, where all the data is flash-resident.
FlashBoost presents an attractive point in the cost-performance trade-off, for
Big Data analytics. 
\end{abstract}


\input{introduction}
%\input{motivation}

\input{related}
\input{architecture}
\input{software}
\input{implementation}
\input{results}
\input{acceleration}
%\input{results_acceleration}

\section{Conclusion and Future Work}

In this paper we have presented FlashBoost, an appliance for Big Data analytics
that uses flash storage, in-storage processing and integrated networks for
cost-effective analytics of large datasets. We have demonstrated the performance
benefits of the system using simple examples on large amounts of data, and showed
that FlashBoost shows superior performance compared to a generic flash-based
system without such architectural improvements.

As we have demonstrated the benefits of our architecture and implementation, we
plan to move onto exploring the applicability of our architecture and machine in
specific application areas. Some planned applications include: (1) \textbf{SQL
Database Acceleration} by offloading query processing and filtering to in-store
processors, (2) \textbf{Sparse-Matrix Based Linear Algebra Acceleration} and (3)
\textbf{FlashBoost-Optimized MapReduce}, which attempts to optimize data flow of
MapReduce to best fit an SSD-based cluster with in-store processors. We also
hope to collaborate with other research groups to explore solving many Big Data
problems with our FlashBoost implementation.

We believe that our system will provide an attractive point on the
cost-performance relationship for many large scale applications, so that the
benefits of Big Data analytics can be more widely enjoyed.

\vfill
\pagebreak

\bstctlcite{bstctl:etal, bstctl:nodash, bstctl:simpurl}
\bibliographystyle{IEEEtranS}
\bibliography{references}

\end{document}

